chapters/software-stack/applications/drills/tasks/app-investigation/README.md, before:

# App Investigation

Enter the `chapters/software-stack/applications/drills/tasks/app-investigation/support/` folder and go through the practice items below.
Select a binary executable application and a scripted application.

1. Use `ldd` on the two applications.
   Notice the resulting messages and explain the results.

1. Use `ltrace` and `strace` on the two applications.
   Follow the library calls and the system calls done by each application.

1. Check to see whether there are statically-linked application executables in the system.
   The `file` command tells if the file passed as argument is a statically-linked executable.
   If you can't find one, install the `busybox-static` package.

1. Look into what [busybox](https://busybox.net/) is and explain why it's custom to have it as statically-linked executable.

1. Run `ldd`, `nm`, `strace`, `ltrace` on a statically-linked application executable.
   Explain the results.

If you're having difficulties solving this exercise, go through [this](../../../reading/app-investigate.md) reading material.

Commit message:

lab2: Add link to the lab 2 archive
Add links to the lab archive and change directory references.

Signed-off-by: Stefan Jumarea <stefanjumarea02@gmail.com>

chapters/software-stack/applications/drills/tasks/app-investigation/README.md, after:

# App Investigation

Enter the `app-investigation` directory from the lab archive (or `chapters/software-stack/applications/drills/tasks/app-investigation/` if you are working directly in the repository), run `make skels` and go through the practice items below.
Select a binary executable application and a scripted application.

1. Use `ldd` on the two applications.
   Notice the resulting messages and explain the results.

1. Use `ltrace` and `strace` on the two applications.
   Follow the library calls and the system calls done by each application.

1. Check to see whether there are statically-linked application executables in the system.
   The `file` command tells if the file passed as argument is a statically-linked executable.
   If you can't find one, install the `busybox-static` package.

1. Look into what [busybox](https://busybox.net/) is and explain why it's custom to have it as statically-linked executable.

1. Run `ldd`, `nm`, `strace`, `ltrace` on a statically-linked application executable.
   Explain the results.

If you're having difficulties solving this exercise, go through [this](../../../reading/app-investigate.md) reading material.
