chapters/data/process-memory/drills/tasks/page-mapper/README.md, before:

## Page Mapper

Navigate to the `chapters/data/process-memory/drills/tasks/page-mapper/support` directory.

Your goal is to update the `src/page_mapper.c` source code file to reserve virtual pages in the address space of the current process.
Use `mmap()` to reserve virtual pages.
Use anonymous mapping (i.e. the `MAP_ANONYMOUS`) flag.
Use any permissions required.

Inside the `src/` directory, use `make` to do a quick check of the implementation.
To test it, enter the `tests/` directory and run:

```console
make check
```

In case of a correct solution, you will get an output such as:

```text
./run_all_tests.sh
test_res_1                       ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_2                       ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_10                      ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_10_res_20               ........................ passed ...  25

Total:                                                           100/100
```

If you're having difficulties solving this exercise, go through [this](../../../reading/process-memory.md) reading material.

Commit message:

lab4: Add link to the lab 4 archive
Add links to the lab archive and change directory references.

Signed-off-by: Stefan Jumarea <stefanjumarea02@gmail.com>

chapters/data/process-memory/drills/tasks/page-mapper/README.md, after:

## Page Mapper

Navigate to the `page-mapper/support/` directory in the lab archive (or `chapters/data/process-memory/drills/tasks/page-mapper/support` if you are working directly in the repository).

Your goal is to update the `src/page_mapper.c` source code file to reserve virtual pages in the address space of the current process.
Use `mmap()` to reserve virtual pages.
Use anonymous mapping (i.e. the `MAP_ANONYMOUS`) flag.
Use any permissions required.

Inside the `src/` directory, use `make` to do a quick check of the implementation.
To test it, enter the `tests/` directory and run:

```console
make check
```

In case of a correct solution, you will get an output such as:

```text
./run_all_tests.sh
test_res_1                       ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_2                       ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_10                      ........................ passed ...  25
test_res_10_res_20               ........................ passed ...  25

Total:                                                           100/100
```

If you're having difficulties solving this exercise, go through [this](../../../reading/process-memory.md) reading material.
